## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-dpaRAfrfqLJ/m4qzPviZ8UztzpU27eoBSH+8GjP1nkccMBZ6x9EnnhvlNYMDz0P2 /es/languages/django.js
sha384-xmWxMjSXleWbbNXqoQdpI8OkRJnRmiuJ8cmkovyFJSZxyjycv8DA4XuENvWPDLDk /es/languages/django.min.js
sha384-U0cmcZmeG0JVcA3HKR6r7Sio0x8FtcXR7eviBCcgniMwCc+DMiV6IQPm7bFn6BPh /es/languages/go.js
sha384-5Mzx2XTmXU2XQ0AiQg/4HA9SbBDrPySZgpsOfSfflGdzC4bIpCjWSxIP62fOIFkO /es/languages/go.min.js
sha384-yIW2CKaxiozMCGVe7a2RX90kdUjP0h2gALuNlfKbojKpQn1OmMQLGO7BOqhncFO6 /es/languages/http.js
sha384-j+2AgmE+4SlZjmviwPvbGypcb9BQNHQj043l9Bb3F2fnlusdNxxA5/INHsOrSE6g /es/languages/http.min.js
sha384-ZCfS+s/zxY7O2bm2KoVJo1wUrLEpJDHZAi/LJAdJF5XjnfSWICkg6wHd2SEJGpyR /es/languages/java.js
sha384-716dHwZ7zbZcnEwTe7DLxlm5tH3Iyl8vSW5a2kYPgusEdp5k3A3jeZt0Ck+CjYE0 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-qCr0xtEbtIU6E2yKVSftA08wjUBxW2zlHyVvXoQoontrc8eZtFMO/vSWWFtJhpzK /es/languages/latex.js
sha384-Nj46FmS2fPnUrHYhGDrVZjS+SqPPtCVnjiMaPB2WFMnYAWV8lW1T2EQ2gxq8gDs1 /es/languages/latex.min.js
sha384-JkFMmKMbHcXjdfHauRnREGG6i73GyMisdqNivBm4Z9m2Oc82YIu5jQtIjLa508e8 /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-65/lNNIY+ayhHTtFznjnyZ5w2NDdZIpSEcqjss/p4ex5JamZ46FdYwDDf6IBLCmE /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-LZ+YGF0Xve9sHzC9G37Kc14gDC6lfDpny2hggVJVfHb+OsTEXgMGLmAWUJzi4YRC /es/languages/rust.js
sha384-/ktfWRgwL+kZAZeeXDl9mwkD/3atjwjkzLCCoSHtME7MzP87wMhUmNUZ83AoqYx2 /es/languages/rust.min.js
sha384-VYwyP5ddOUunx1AGpbtE38OKY2PbjW9kk6X6622tvqprRJk6W8/tgMvI7MqaOZZw /es/languages/shell.js
sha384-gRgqaIgHrAR1qlo866rkV1AUahqopv0dnpFFLAC4X3jYTDagRCTxQBTMFGV1+x1U /es/languages/shell.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-gfyiMmAn2+1KPBU6zgf5/GuxwAS1MG2sXO2QNIa1b8gWqS+ZAEGASFZUv2DTTr0I /languages/django.js
sha384-E8a05vTFeTlJrGsYy6uvHSN7YyYtYVDfuTB0NYKryrTqkKAh0Kljndtou/5x9KxE /languages/django.min.js
sha384-B9Y0sXbhPrwdlpzfeFn4NkyJrhYEUFUCTMrEVRu+d2/3aJ/4ZOjFPJRZFnJdaQJm /languages/go.js
sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI /languages/go.min.js
sha384-5njNAV6cayF+v1sc70/t3BTkztvcp8TZ61d65U8YUQuXJ45PIrhcgNfccRMd9JsI /languages/http.js
sha384-ubRntct0s40ZDtDRLkxA3/xYX51o5yC2U8SKlky8dhIRsjSnvZiUKLhz0gNTewno /languages/http.min.js
sha384-cZ2d3Mo/jmTF9r2kHWcHmA8hehxX8N44UN6LSkEhaCRe6t8e9ntd5JEuafywm0aw /languages/java.js
sha384-8mc5ynnm3AlnXn8P3ccSqVAaZIDoijPM08/Hp4DABy6GMy7EHCQFwiIUoGAaGJiO /languages/java.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-dllA+pkm+v2eTaDGPSVPCVVy5zE8kkFNxjApnQCXfjf639vbck+YVUTbm5UIlTcr /languages/latex.js
sha384-YnQI+TwzZ1xRk2HJrBDWxf28lhGoOKeLoiMTznB2mX2JDclqH/iuPsQC86Qtwh6X /languages/latex.min.js
sha384-TVvUXbmPgdS59xZSFUeyNQ1vUkeCbBpuMj3qlzdEwdQhoO5F/WNdI94UEw8g7Enp /languages/markdown.js
sha384-sFh+6oaRBb6kdaMLf8x7qeH7NTvm2u1Ta6PtI0S8hoA+bP7UtHCyKFzaI1JBXwhT /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-rCXn7K5j/lD2PrSex2XCqyLKap2Ibnsls0uQCx4ZaezI1FJ5RYvoWcsAl/v8SKlE /languages/rust.js
sha384-VTNxHMz2AmpHxzSm8SvRI0As5+wID2j2XJBFtWTic2iEK8WbXgR1fymVQS9S2DvY /languages/rust.min.js
sha384-KYOeDvyFo8fJObDV1L1aoPnfs6XG68LL6j3INM7McXyRYtBZF7DdUsNjK25dtxKo /languages/shell.js
sha384-olAuUjfRvTi/iEH4RXRpaq/G1iJGizn7OefkyJLQYuqNhh1xAV5dnUrkH/LlPd9j /languages/shell.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-L8cXUoJm7MhqTRaXIIubgjLGEK1fXq7eoiiiJJx5z7eAeC4IgKp6DPdGx91kk8L5 /highlight.js
sha384-9wrtsVnJcXSIPSm4OKcWtUd/6HyBkz0LRSxJNRZ0vkMIheWL/IRobHLaV2oZo5bI /highlight.min.js
```

